hey as you probably know life bunches
very soon going to be releasing a very
very big update to all of our game modes
and releasing one game mode very soon
and one game mode in the near future now
the thing to know is that part of this
update includes a major rehal of all of
our menus there is now a new main menu
inside of the game there's a new
inventory and you store a new scoreboard
window now the issue is that these core
board and the inventory and the the
store windows are actually bigger
possibly than some of those really small
tiny resolutions that maybe like 10 or
15 of you and grand total actually use
so those people who use really really
really small resolutions are going to
have trouble actually navigating through
these these windows be at the scoreboard
the store the inventory etc so what I'm
going to do here is try to teach you or
convince you to raise your resolution to
something to a modern resolution because
I mean anybody that's using you know a
normal common resolution is going to
have absolutely no problem but if you're
still using a really small old decrepit
resolution you might have some trouble
and there's not a lot we can do to
support you I mean you're going to have
to drag the window around so you can
reach all the buttons and stuff it's not
going to be fun for you so the first
thing you want to know is which
resolutions are supported and which are
not supported actually anything that has
more or that has 10 1024 width or more
and 768 height or more is going to be
perfectly fine so if your first number
of your resolution is 1024 or higher and
the second one is 768 or higher you are
one hundred percent fine do not worry
about anything now on the other hand if
you are using 640 by 480 800 x 600 or
under white screen ten by nine if you
are using 1280 by 720 you are going to
struggle it's not been
fun free so I generally ask you to
please please at the very least use 1024
x 768 honestly 640 x 480 800 x 600 this
lake that's like windows 95 you know
1975's like really just just old useless
resolutions don't use that if you really
need to lower your resolution so bad
because your computer is lagging then
instead just go to advanced and lower
the details a little bit you set set
stuff too low it's better to play on low
quality than to play on a really low
resolution that looks ugly and just
trust me the least you're going to want
is 1024 x 768 but your computer can vary
probably handle even more than that I
mean that 1024 x 768 is really really
pretty small and we're still supporting
that so anything smaller than 10 1024 x
768 is not going to be supported and the
new life bunch of very big update we are
sorry now if you want to if you want
more information on your computer's
resolution how to change your desktop
resolution just keep watching this video
otherwise you can stop watching now and
just you know set your resolution to at
least 1024 x 768 or maybe more if your
computer can handle it okay now the
first thing you're going to want to do
is figure out what resolution your
computer can handle so the first thing
you're going to want to do this is for
windows 7 by the way but it's pretty
similar on Windows XP and Windows a
Vista so you should be able to figure it
out if you're on a Mac I'm sorry but I
don't do max so you're going to want to
right-click your desktop go to screen
resolution or properties on windows XP I
think so screen resolution you're going
to want to find the window of your
screen resolution now where it says
resolution you're going to want to click
that drop-down menu and try to figure
out what is the highest or maybe
recommended resolution that you're
computer can handle so let's say that in
my case I set my desktop to 1680 x 10 x
1050 so this is my current resolution
and I know that so what I'm going to do
now is that I'm going to go into garry's
mod once you're inside of your garry's
mod you're going to want to go to
options the video once again and you're
going to want to find your resolution in
my case it was 1680 x 1050 which is
going to be under white screen 1610 and
it's going to be there 1680 x 1050 and
this is what i'm going to want to set
you might seem native next to it in
parentheses that's a good hint that this
is probably what your resolution is that
means Gary's not automatically detected
that just make sure that's what it is
and then hit OK but I'm not going to do
it right now because I'm recording but
as soon as you do that if that wasn't
already resolution it's just gonna you
know maximize to your resolution and
everything will be nice and prettier now
you're going to want to close garry's
mod and go back to your desktop so once
you're back on your desktop and you have
set your garry's mod resolution to your
monitors resolution you're going to want
want to go into your Steam library over
here right click garry's mod go to
properties go to set launch options and
instead of set lunch options you're
going to want to type minus window space
minus no border so that's minus window
space minus snowboarder and then you're
going to want to hit OK and close also
make sure that your garry's mod was in
full screen earlier when you set it to
your desktops resolution as soon as
that's done you're going to be able to
launch garry's mod and it is going to
look as if it is in full screen but in
reality its windowed without any borders
so it looks full screen but you can
still all tab out and alt tab back in
and go to check your facebook talk to
people on Steam whatever you want to do
all tab as much as you want it's never
going to lag
it's never going to crash it's not going
to minimize it it's just going to
basically be hidden behind whatever
other window you just stab to and that
should help you a lot with whatever
resolution issues you might have thank
you